:book:  Replace quickstart document by a link (#152)
SovereignCloudStack/cluster-stack-provider-openstack: docs/quickstart.md

# Quickstart

> This document has moved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document has been moved.
```

> You can find the current version at <https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/cluster-stacks/blob/main/providers/openstack/README.md>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the current version of the quickstart guide [here](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/cluster-stacks/blob/main/providers/openstack/README.md).
```
